[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Just let me lay back and kick some old simplistic pimp shit
On Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit
Throw on "Guilty Conscience" at concerts
And watch mosh pits 'til mothafuckers knock each other unconscious (Watch out, nigga!)
Some of these crowds that Slim draws is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard, when it's packed and full of cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw
Is niggas from Crenshaw, from Long Beach to South Central
Whoa, not these niggas again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
You and what army could harm me?
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach?
Came a long way, to makin' these songs play
It'll be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long Uz' and I carry it all day
Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just being Andre, but I…

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Somehow, some way
Holla, nigga, you know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggas up
And show 'em where the fuck I'm comin' from
I get the party crackin' from the shit that I be spittin', son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns
And I love all of 'em the same, bang bang
Damn, baby girl, what's your name?
I forgot, what'd you say it was? Damn, a nigga buzzed
Hangin' in the club with my nephew Eminem, what up, Cuz?
The Great White American Hope
Done hooked up with the King
Of the motherfuckin' West Coast, baby

[Hook: Nate Dogg + Snoop Dogg]
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

[Verse 3: Xzibit]
I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin' you move
You're found dead in your garage
With ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, ‘cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God's
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin' over you with a 12 gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin' with Puff
Bitch, please! You must have a mental disease
Assume the position
And get back down on your knees; come on!
 

[Hook: Nate Dogg + Snoop Dogg]
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

[Verse 4: Eminem]
Aww, naww, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up in the heezy, baby
He's Shady (he's so crazy)
Give me the mic, let me recite 'til Timothy White
Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal
Makin' a livin' off of the world's misery
What in the world gives me the right to say what I like?
And walk around flippin' the bird
Livin' the urban life, like a white kid from the burbs
Dreamin' at night of screamin' at Mom, schemin' to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
That somewhere deep down
There's a decent human bein' in me
It just can't be found, so the reason
You've been seein' this me, is ‘cause this is me now
The recent dude who's bein' this mean
So when you see me dressin' up like a nerd on TV
Or heard the CD usin' the fag word so freely
It's just me bein' me; here, want me to tone it down?
Suck my fuckin' dick, you faggot! You happy now?
Look here, I start some trouble everywhere that I go
Ask the bouncers in the club, ‘cause they know
I start some shit, they throw me out the back door
Come back and shoot the club up with a .44
 

[Hook: Nate Dogg + Snoop Dogg]
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

[Outro: Xzibit]
2001 and forever
Slim Shady
Dr. Dre
Snoop Dogg
X to the Z
Nate Dogg
Come on, yeah!