[Verse 1]
My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or lez
Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress, hate fags? The answer's yes
Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic
Staring at my jeans, watching my genitals bulgin'
That's my motherfuckin' balls, you'd better let go of 'em
They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of 'em!
"Hey, it's me, Versace! Whoops, somebody shot me!
And I was just checkin' the mail
Get it? Checkin' the male?"
How many records you expecting to sell
After your second LP sends you directly to jail?
Come on, relax, guy! I like gay men
Right, Ken? Give me an amen! (A-men!)
"Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital"
Preacher, preacher! Fifth grade teacher!
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing, ‘cause
I watch TV and Comcast cable
And you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from toppin' these charts
And you can't stop me from droppin' each March
With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards
And to think, it's just lil old me
Mr. Don't-Give-a-Fuck still won't leave

[Hook]
I'm a criminal! ‘Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal! But I don't got to say a word
I just flip 'em the bird and keep going
I don't take shit from no one; I'm a criminal!

[Verse 2]
The mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes and speed
The baby came out, disfigured ligaments, indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby, ‘cause that baby was me
I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up
When you weren't raised?
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger
I drink more liquor to fuck you up quicker
Than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin' the word ______
My morals went *Pffft* when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk off of his own employee
Now, don't ignore me, you won't avoid me
You can't miss me: I'm white, blonde-haired, and my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
In plane crashes and laughs as long as it ain't happened to him
Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Eminem and Kim combined
"The Maniac's in" in place of the Doctor
‘Cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin' his place
Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you, Dre, you should've kept that thang put away
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
I'm a criminal

[Verse 3]
Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it, I hide for five minutes
Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet
If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough
To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut
Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad
So kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'ma be a fuckin' rapist in a Jason mask
 

[Hook]
I'm a criminal! ‘Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal! But I don't got to say a word
I just flip 'em the bird and keep going
I don't take shit from no one, I am a criminal!