[Produced by Bass Brothers]

[Intro]
Yeah, haha, whoo, shit
Yo, mic check, testing
One, two, um… twelve
Whattup whattup whattup! (Outsidaz)
This is my dance song, can you hear me?
(Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee)
Alright, aye, turn my headphones up

[Verse 1]
My favorite color is red, like the blood shed
From Kurt Cobain's head when he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin' at my shish-kabob
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve
(“I can’t stand white people”)
You thought I was ill and now I'm even more so
Shit, I got full-blown AIDS and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe
I'm in the fourth row, signin' autographs at your show
I just remembered that I'm absent-minded
Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
I'm freestylin' every verse that I spit
‘Cause I don't even remember the words to my shit
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
And gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
Put my LP on your Christmas gift list
You want to get high? Here, bitch, just sniff this!

[Hook]
Cum on everybody
(Get down tonight)

[Verse 2]
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
‘Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck
And I was wavin' it at everybody, screaming, "I suck!"
I go on stage in front of a sell-out crowd
And yell out loud: "All y'all get the hell out now!"
Fuck rap, I'm givin' it up, y'all, I'm sorry
(But Eminem, this is your record release party!)
I'm bored out of my gourd, so I took a hammer and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford
Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard
Who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket
One Excedrin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded
Like lettuce and cabbage
And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit

[Hook]
Cum on everybody
(Get down tonight)
 

[Verse 3]
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
‘Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin' Beastie Boy
So I told 'em I was Mike D
They was like, "Gee, I don't know, he might be!"
I told 'em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert
I'll be standin' by the Loch Ness Monster."
Peace out, then I jetted to the weed house, smoked out
'Til I started bustin' freestyles, broke out
Then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick
Made a couple of crank calls collect (*brrrrrrring, click*)
"It's Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?"
I want to make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember when I bomb your set
Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset

[Hook]
Cum on everybody
(Get down tonight)