[Produced by Dr. Dre]

[Intro: Mark Avery]
Meet Eddie, 23 years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store. But on his way in he has a sudden change of heart, and suddenly his conscience comes into play.

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Alright, stop, now before you walk in the door
Of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence
(But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin' conscience!

[Eminem]
That's nonsense!
Go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns

[Eminem]
Fuck that, do that shit! Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit, are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

[Dr. Dre & (Eminem)]
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You're right!)
Not over this shit, drop the biscuit (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you
(You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude)

[Hook]
These voices, these voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I follow, I follow
I follow, I follow all these voices

[Interlude: Mark Avery]
Meet Stan, 21 years old. After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play.

[Verse 2: Eminem & (Dr. Dre)]
Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
And smearing her lipstick, slip this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
(Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair?
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot, bare
'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?)
No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dog and bail!
 

[Hook]
These voices, these voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I follow, I follow
I follow, I follow all these voices

[Interlude: Mark Avery]
Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man. (What the fuck?)

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre & (Eminem)]
Alright, calm down, relax, start breathin'
(Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'
While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off
Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitch's head off!)
Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What, she tripped, fell, landed on his dick?)
Alright, Shady, maybe he's right, Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy

[Eminem & (Dr. Dre)]
Okay, thought about it? Still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?
(What you say?) What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?
(I'ma kill you, mothafucka!) Uhh-ahh, temper, temper
Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A, Mr. AK
Comin' straight outta Compton, y'all better make way
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
 

[Dr. Dre]
‘Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that
Aw, fuck it, what am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both, Grady! Where's your gun at?