[Produced by THC]

[Skit]
Gather around. I'm glad everybody came out tonight. As we stand on our neighborhood corner, know that this fire that's burning represents the passion you have. Listen, Keisha, Tammy, come up front. I recognize all of you. Every creed and color. With that being said... fuck your ethnicity. You understand that? We gon' talk about a lot of shit that concerns you. All of you

[Intro]
Now everybody, throw your hands up high
If you don't give a fuck, throw your hands up high

[Hook]
Now I don't give a fuck if you
Black, White, Asian, Hispanic, goddammit
That don't mean shit to me
Fuck your ethnicity, nigga

[Verse 1]
Fire burning inside my eyes, this the music that saved my life
Y'all be calling it hip-hop, I be calling it hypnotize
Yeah, hypnotize, trapped my body but freed my mind
What the fuck is you fighting for? Ain't nobody gon' win that war
My details be retail, man, I got so much in store
Racism is still alive, yellow tape and colored lines
Fuck that, nigga look at that line, it's so diverse
They getting off work and they wanna see Kendrick
Everybody can't drive Benz's, and I been there, so I make it my business
To give 'em my full attention, ten-hut! Man, I gotta get my wind up
Man, I gotta get down with God cause I got my sins up
Matter of fact, don't mistake me for no fucking rapper
They sit backstage and hide behind the fucking cameras
I mosh pit, had a microphone and I tossed it
Had a brain, then I lost it, I'm out of my mind
So don't you mind how much the cost is, penny for my thoughts
Everybody, please hold up your wallets
Yeah man, I'm the mailman, can't you tell, man?
Going postal, never freeze up, when I approach you
That's starstruck and roast you, oh my
HiiiPower

(Reporting live from Planet Terminator X, I am Martin Luther King with an AK-47)

[Hook]
Now I don't give a fuck if you
Black, White, Asian, Hispanic, goddammit
That don't mean shit to me
Fuck your ethnicity, nigga

[Verse 2]
I'm tired of y'all, cause everybody lied to y'all
And you believe it? Recognize them false achievements
It's treason and I'm Tylenol, I knock out when you knock it off
Knock on the doors of opportunity, I'm too involved
I'm no activist, I'm no Einstein before calculus
I was kicking that math, dropping that science
Like an alchemist, and I be kicking that ass, lyrically I'm UFC
If a UFO had came for me, I'mma come back with the head of an alien
Don't alienate, my dreams, get it right
Get a life, I got two, that's a metaphor for the big shit I do
Boy, TMI, TSA, man I'm fly, put wings on my back
That a plane or angel? Both like a pilot with a halo, whoa... gross

[Bridge]
I mean, I've seen so many things come through them, him, her, you
I'm just a messenger, yeah, I know life's a bitch, get the best of her
Put them 3's up, they notice that we up, HiiiPower
And the power in the people and if they don't believe us, they'll die
 

Wizard

[Hook]
Now I don't give a fuck if you
Black, White, Asian, Hispanic, goddammit
That don't mean shit to me
Fuck your ethnicity, nigga