Part I

[Intro]
Everybody, everybody, everybody
Everybody sit yo' bitch-ass down
And listen to this true mothafuckin' story
Told by Kendrick Lamar on Rosecrans, ya bish

[Verse]
Smokin' on the finest dope, ay-ay-ay-ah
Drank until I can't no mo', ay-ay-ay-ah
Really I'm a sober soul
But I'm with the homies right now
And we ain't askin' for no favors
Rush a nigga quick, then laugh about it later, ay-ay-ay-ah
Really I'm a peacemaker
But I'm with the homies right now
And Momma used to say
One day it's gon' burn you out
One day it's gon' burn you out, out
One day it's gon' burn you out
One day it's gon' burn you
But I'm with the homies right now

Part II

[Verse 1]
Me and my niggas four deep in a white Toyota
A quarter tank of gas, one pistol, and orange soda
Janky stash box when the federales'll roll up
Basketball shorts with the Gonzales Park odor
We on the mission for bad bitches and trouble
I hope the universe love you today
'Cause the energy we bringin' sure to carry away
A flock of positive activists and fill the body with hate
If it’s necessary; bumpin' Jeezy first album, lookin' distracted
Speakin' language only we know, you think it's an accent
The windows roll down, all I see is a hand pass it
Hotboxin' like George Foreman grillin' the masses
Of the workin' world
We pulled up on a bunch of workin' girls
And asked them what they workin' with
Look at me, I got the blunt in my mouth
Usually I’m drug-free, but shit, I’m with the homies

[Hook 1]
Yeah, nigga, we off a pill and Remy Red
Come through and bust ya head, nigga!
Me and the homies
Sag all the way to the liquor store
Where my niggas pour up 4 and get twisted some more
Me and the homies
I ride for my mothafuckin’ niggas
Hop out, do my stuff, then hop back in
Me and the homies
Matter of fact, I hop out that mothafucka
And be like, “Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo! … Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo!”
 

[Verse 2]
It’s 2:30 and the sun is beamin'
Air conditioner broke and I hear my stomach screamin'
Hungry for anything unhealthy
And if nutrition can help me
I’ll tell you to suck my dick, then I'll continue eatin'
We speedin' on the 405, passin' Westchester
You know, the light-skinned girls in all the little dresses
Good Lord, they knew we weren’t from ‘round there
‘Cause every time we down there
We pullin' out the Boost Mobile SIM cards
Bougie bitches with no extensions
Hood niggas with bad intentions, the perfect combination
Before we sparked a conversation
We seen three niggas in colors we didn’t like
Then started interrogatin'
I never was a gangbanger, I mean
I never was stranger to the fonk neither, I really doubt it
Rush a nigga quick and then we laugh about it
That’s ironic, 'cause I’ve never been violent
Until I’m with the homies

[Hook 2]
(Just ridin’, just ridin’)
Me and the homies
(Bullshittin’, actin’ a fool)
Me and the homies
(Trippin’, really trippin’)
Me and the homies
(Just ridin’, just ridin’, just ridin’)
 

[Verse 3]
Braggin' about the episode we just had
A shot of Hennessey didn’t make me feel that bad
I’m usually a true firm believer of bad karma
Consequences from evil will make your past haunt ya
We tryna conquer the city with disobedience
Quick to turn it up, even if we ain’t got the CD in
But Jeezy still playin'
And our attitude is still “nigga, what is you sayin'?”
Pull in front of the house
That we been campin' out for like two months
The sun is goin' down as we take whatever we want

[Interlude]
Aye, aye, nigga, jackpot, nigga, pop the safe!
Aye, nigga, I think it's somebody in this room!
Wait, what?!
Nigga, it's somebody in this room!

[Continuation of Verse 3]
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo
DVD's, plasma-screen TV's in the trunk
We made a right, then made a left, then made a right
Then made a left, we was just circlin' life
My mama called: "Hello? What you doin'?" — "Kickin' it."
I should’ve told her I’m probably ‘bout to catch my first offense, with the homies
But – they made a right, they made a left
Then made a right, then another right
One lucky night with the homies

[Produced by Tabu]