[Produced by Flying Lotus & Ronald "Flippa" Colson
Additional production by Sounwave & Thundercat]

[Sample]
Every nigger is a star, ay, every nigger is a star
Every nigger is a star, ay, every nigger is a star
Every nigger is a star, ay
Who will deny that you and I and every nigger is a star?

[Intro: Josef Leimberg]
Hit me!
When the four corners of this cocoon collide
You’ll slip through the cracks hopin' that you’ll survive
Gather your wit, take a deep look inside
Are you really who they idolize?
To pimp a butterfly

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
At first, I did love you
But now I just wanna fuck
Late nights thinkin' of you
Until I get my nut
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board
Destroyed, but what for?

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
When I get signed, homie, I'ma act a fool
Hit the dance floor, strobe lights in the room
Snatch your little secretary bitch for the homies
Blue-eyed devil with a fat-ass monkey
I'ma buy a brand new Caddy on fours
Trunk the hood up, two times, deuce-four
Platinum on everythin', platinum on weddin' ring
Married to the game and a bad bitch chose
When I get signed, homie, I'ma buy a strap
Straight from the CIA, set it on my lap
Take a few M-16s to the hood
Pass 'em all out on the block, what's good?
I'ma put the Compton swap meet by the White House
Republican run up, get socked out
Hit the prez with a Cuban link on my neck
Uneducated, but I got a million-dollar check like that

[Pre-Hook: Thundercat]
We should've never gave
We should've never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should've never gave
We should've never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
(Everybody get out)
 

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
At first, I did love you (Love you)
But now I just wanna fuck
Late nights thinkin' of you (Of you)
Until I get my nut (Can I get my nut?)
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board (Across the board)
Destroyed, but what for?

[Break: Dr. Dre]
Yo, what's up? It's Dre
Remember the first time you came out to the house?
You said you wanted a spot like mine
But remember, anybody can get it
The hard part is keepin' it, motherfucker

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
What you want? You a house or a car?
Forty acres and a mule, a piano, a guitar?
Anythin', see, my name is Uncle Sam, I'm your dog
Motherfucker, you can live at the mall
I know your kind (That's why I'm kind)
Don't have receipts (Oh, man, that's fine)
Pay me later, wear those gators
Cliché, then say, "Fuck your haters"
I can see the borrow in you, I can see the dollar in you
Little white lies, but it's no white-collar in you
But it's whatever though because I'm still followin' you
Because you make me live forever, baby
Count it all together, baby
Then hit the register and make me feel better, baby
Your horoscope is a gemini, two sides
So you better cop everything two times
Two coupes, two chains, two C-notes
Too much ain't enough, both we know
Christmas, tell 'em what's on your wish list
Get it all, you deserve it, Kendrick
And when you hit the White House, do you
But remember, you ain't pass economics in school
And everything you buy, taxes will deny
I'll Wesley Snipe your ass before thirty-five
 

[Bridge: George Clinton]
Yeah, lookin' down, it's quite a drop (It's quite a drop, drop)
Lookin' good when you're on top (When you're on top, you got it)
You got a medal for us
Leavin' miracles metaphysically in a state of euphoria
Look both ways before you cross my mind

[Pre-Hook]
We should've never gave
We should've never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should've never gave
We should've never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home

[Outro]
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'