[Produced By Kanye West, Mike Dean & Sak Pase]

[Hook: Kanye West & (Jay-Z)]
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fucking ball
Now who gon stop me? Who gon stop me huh?
Who gon stop me? Who gon stop me, huh?
(Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag, black strap: you know what that's for)

[Bridge: Jay-Z]
Yeah, who gon stop me?
Who gon stop me?
Yeah, who gon stop me?
No brakes, I need State Farm
So many watches I need eight arms
One neck but got eight charms
Who gon stop me huh?

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Niggas talking, they bitchmade, Ixnay off my dicksnay
That’s Pig Latin, itch-bay, who gon stop me huh?
Last night ain’t go so well, got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert, "Yes!" Tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations you're just supposed to say none
Heard she fucked the doorman
Well that’s cool I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess that’s on one basis
I only like green faces
I can stop

[Hook: Kanye West & (Jay-Z)]
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fucking ball
Now who gon stop me? Who gon stop me huh?
Who gon stop me? Who gon stop me, huh?
(Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag, black strap: you know what that's for)

[Bridge: Kanye West]
Y'all weed purple, my money purple
Y'all Steve Urkel, I’m Oprah's circle
I wrote the verse that I hope will hurt you

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Who gon stop me huh?
Beat the odds, beat the Feds
It wouldn’t be wise to bet against the kid
Start me broke, I bet I get rich
Night shift: six to six
Give me one shot, one pot
I’ll show up in all white, wearin no socks
No ceiling, new coupe
They know I’m a dope boy, they don’t have no proof
I’m three steps removed, I know how to move
It's looking like, I don’t know how to lose
I’m winning again, I’m at the Wynn
I’m at the table, I’m gamblin
Lucky lefty, I expect a seven
I went through hell, I’m expectin heaven
I’m owed, I throwed and I stuck to the G-code
I’m here, oh yeah, I promise I ain’t going nowhere
Okay here, like a hare, like a rabbit, I like karats
I’m allergic to havin bunny ears like broke, like nope
Like ha, I ain’t no joke
I can’t be stopped, like nope, like nope!
Extend the beat, Noah..
Two seats in the 911, uh
No limit on the Black Card, uh
Told y'all I was gonna go H·A·M, uh
'Til ocean was my backyard, uh
No lies in my verses, hey
Please pardon all the curses, hey
Shit gotta come some way, fuck
When you're growing up worthless uh
Middle finger to my old life, uh
Special shoutout to my old head, uh
If it wasn’t for your advice uh
A nigga would have been so dead uh
I'm living life til these niggas kill me
Turn this up if you niggas feel me
I’m riding dirty, tryna get filthy
Pablo Picasso, Rothkos, Rilkes
Graduated to the MoMA
And I did all of this without a diploma
Graduated from the corner
Y'all can play me for a muthafuckin fool if you wanna
Street-smart and I’m book smart
Coulda been a chemist cause I cook smart
Only thing that can stop me is me, hey
And I’mma stop when the hook start, hold up
 

[Hook: Kanye West & (Jay-Z)]
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'mma fucking ball
Now who gon stop me? Who gon stop me huh?
Who gon stop me? Who gon stop me, huh?
(Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag, black strap: you know what that's for)