[Intro: Jay Z]
It was all good just a week ago
Had this all good just a week ago

[Interlude: Too $hort]
Last week I had everything. I had the money, had the cars, the bitches, and the jewelry. And then my motherfucking nigga started snitching. Bitch!

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
Growing up in the hood, just my dog and me
We used to hustle in the hood for all to see
Problems; I called on him, he called on me
We wasn't quite partners, I hit him off my P
Let him unlock doors off my keys
Yeah, we spoke, much more than cordially
Man, he broke bread with me, my business spread swiftly
The Feds came to get me, we both fled quickly
Wasn't quick enough to jump over the hedges with me
Got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed
Used to call me from the joint 'til he ran out of change
And when he called collect and I heard his name
I quickly accepted, but when I reached the phone
He's talking reckless, I can sense deceit in his tone
I said: "Damn, dog! What, nine weeks and you're home?"
He said: "Main man, you think shit's sweet 'cause you're home."
I just sat, spat no more speech in the phone
The crackers up there bleachin' your dome, you're reachin'
I said: "The world don't stop, I've got to keep-keep on."
From there I sensed the beef was on
I ran to the spy store to add some more features on my phone
To see if I had bugs and leeches on my phone
Can't be too safe, ‘cause niggas is two-faced
And they show the other side
When they catch a new case; it's on

[Hook: Too $hort + Jay Z]
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
Funny what seven days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
It was all good just a week ago

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
Like I put the toast to your head and made you sell
We both came in this game, blind as hell
I did a little better, had more clientele
Told you put away some cheddar, now you cryin' for bail
Seventeen and I'm holding on to around a mill'
I could bail out and blow trial and come around on appeal
Had niggas thinking I was from uptown for real
I had so much hustle, plus I was down to ill
Like a Brooklyn nigga, straight out of Brownsville
Down and dirty, down to fight to round 30
Freezing on them corners, still holding my crack
Looking up and down the block, the fuck is the dough at?
Came from flat broke to letting the dough stack
You tell them Feds I said: "I'm never going back"
I'm from Marcy, and Marcy don't raise no rats
You know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious
 

[Hook: Too $hort + Jay Z]
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
Funny what seven days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
It was all good just a week ago

[Verse 3: Jay Z]
The lawyer I retained you said you leakin' some things
All this after a week in the bing
I'm mad at myself, ‘cause I didn't spot the weakling
I would've bet the house you wouldn't speak a thing
Nigga, this was the oath, to the top or broke
Even pricked our finger, anything that got between us
We supposed to cock the ninas, what happened to that?
Instead you copped out to a misdemeanor
Fuck it, the same thing make you laugh make you cry
That's right, the same game
That make you math could make you die
It's a dice game, and sometimes you crap
Who would've thought you'd get popped one time and rat?
Now, you know that's bad when your sister is mad
And your son gotta grow up, like, "This is my dad?"
The labeling of a snitch is a lifetime scar
You'll always be in jail, nigga, just minus the bars
 

[Hook: Too $hort + Jay Z]
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
Funny what seven days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
It was all good just a week ago

[Outro: Too Short]
Shit is crazy, man. All these niggas out here snitchin'. We was one step away from taking this crack money, and recycling it through the ghettos, and building back up our own hoods. Now all you niggas start snitchin' on each other. I got partners doing 15–20. Wouldn't have been doing SHIT if you didn't snitch. Bitch! It's about time y'all check that shit out, man. It ain't all good, shut your mouth, just watch the game, and don't snitch. It sure will do a lot for you. Believe that, baby. Jay Z, Short Dawg's in the house, mane. You know I got it, got it going on. We got the money. Ain't got nothing to do with crime, baby. But I'm recognizing…

[Interlude: Jay Z]
You rat bastard!