[Jay Z]
Life
Death
Here
Gone

[Hook]
If I should die don't cry my niggas
Just ride my niggas bust bullets in the sky my niggas
And when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas
Get on my niggas when it's real
Say word to Shawn my niggas
If I should die *echoes*

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
Don't cry my niggas it's been one hell of a ride my niggas
In the middle of the drought I flipped pies my niggas
I did joints with Mary J. Blige my niggas
I've eluded the coppers, got booted with Big Poppa
Skated through with the Caesar picadas
At high school got head by the lockers
Gassed the baddest girl in the class to show me her knockers
Rocked jewels dropped school still didn't fail
Rhymes still written well, hold court in the street
Never sit in the cell for a second then I'm gettin' my bail
Shoot it out with the bounty hunters fuck
Sittin' in the county for summers if they should down me
Everybody around us become one for that day
To live life get your shit right & play
Don't get it twisted like braids if I'm missed it's ok
But life's short don't miss a day uhh

[Hook]

[Wais]
Don't cry my niggas
It's been one hell of a ride my niggas
Say word to Wais my niggas
When I'm gone don't mourn my niggas
Just keep gettin' it on my niggas
Say word is bond my niggas

[Verse 2: Wais]
I got a lot to look back on in '88
Got my crack on ten years later gettin' my rap on
Gettin' shorties like a thespian
Had an episode with two lesbians got a fetish for that
Drunk ginseng with Japanese chicks & pulled the root out
Squeeze my whole clip to survive shootouts
Been on both coasts, fired all kinds of heat
Probably be kinda glad to leave these mean streets
I got de-mands to meet and questions to fulfill
Like is that mystery God real?
And how was Kennedy killed?
I ain't mad, I must've smoked a ton of reefer
Sipped Coronas with Latifah
Broke the code of Geneva
I know when I reach the other side I'mma see the
Cat I had beef with who blood remains on my sneaker
Then it's on again
If I could be born again
I live my life through my son
And tell him never have a friend
Just family reincarnated I'll show him the time
That I waited to get paid tell him never be afraid
Niggas hearts pump Kool Aid and yo blood run thicker
Never shed tears cry liquor my nigga
 

[Hook]

[Half Dead]
...don't cry my niggas
Just stay gettin' high my niggas
Don't wonder why my niggas
When I'm gone live on my niggas
Just follow my path my niggas
Say word to Half my nigga

[Verse 3: Half Dead]
I'm the aftermath of pleasure never die alone
Born to live forever through life's struggles
I cut corners & took drastic measures
See you niggas life expire right in front of me
Time could never mend what these cold streets
Mentally done to me too often I close my eyes
And see my own coffin feelin' haunted ready to leave
This world that I'm lost in my only chance
To see the seeds I lost through abortion
When I'm gone y'all niggas better not mourn
Keep flossin' as long as my name
Lives on what's most important
I'll be down in hell scorchin' preparin' for life
Afterlife still torchin' & blazin' these mics
It'd rain for 40 days & 40 nights
& I'd return on the 3rd like Christ
Without my physical portion
My spirit a poltergeist for sure
I'll be back through the Heights tomorrow
Blood over y'all fake niggas door
What you thought? [huh]
What you thought? [nigga]
 

If I should die don't cry my niggas
Just stay gettin' high my niggas
Don't wonder why my niggas
When I'm gone live on my niggas
Just follow my path my niggas
Say word to Half my nigga
When I die...

[Hook: Wais]

[Hook: Jay-Z]

I'd tell Big they're still hearin' his songs
Run into Pac ask him where we went wrong
Tell him life is miserable when ya dealin' in the physical form
Is everything that's invisible gone?
I need to know will I still feel pain or will it be ironic?
Will I chill in the flames for all the ills of my brain?
Can I reveal the game to all the hustlers
Trapped in the race and if so can I leave this place?
Can I puff cigars & drink Cristal?
If this is heaven to me is this considered heavenly?
Can I still touch lives answer their "whats & whys"
Make sure everybody in my fam' clutch five?
If I should die...
...don't cry my niggas