[Intro (Jay-Z and Kid Capri)]
Yeah! Huh-huh! Watch this y'all, (Yeah!) Huh!
Come on! Watch this y'all, (Yeah!) Come on!
Jigga! ('Cause it's like that y'all)
Watch this y'all, Come on! (I'm really like that)
Rockafella y'all Huh! Watch this y'all
It's Kid Capri and Jay-Z (come on!)
It's Jay-Z and Kid Capri (don't stop)
Huh-huh! 'Cause I'm like that y'all (yeah)
I'm pretty like that

[Verse 1]
As a young'un, dumb and gun in the waist
Sold crack to those who couldn't take the pain
And had to numb it with base
Couldn't drink the Henny straight, I needed somethin to chase
Nowadays I throw shots back, leavin' nothin' to waste
Life's like a treadmill, niggas runnin' in place
Gettin nowhere fast, a whole year done past
I vowed to never stop winnin', 'til the earth stop spinnin'
Rock hot linen, cop hot cars and hot women
If it's not him then you got it confused, y'all not rememberin'
My motto is simply "I will not lose!"
Abide by the block rules, I buy my Glocks used
Wit bodies on it, let me know anybody want it?
I'm raised, illrational, way misunderstood
If you ain't live like I live, been one with the hood
I done what I could, to come up with this paper 'til this day still
Run with the hood, guess it's part of my nature
If hell awaits a, nigga I'm comin' with the razors
Still flashin' ya shit, try to pass me in a Six
Type classy on the wrists, every bit of 30 karats
This is, not a game this is not why I came
May these words find a spot on your brain and burn
Then I recycle my life I shall return

[Hook: Liz Leite (Jay-Z)]
How tight is your flow? ('cause I'm like that yo)
How right is your dough? ('cause I'm like that yo)
How white is your blow? ('cause I'm like that yo)
Only, write what you know ('cause I'm like that yo)
How tight is your flow? ('cause I'm like that yo)
How right is your dough? ('cause I'm like that yo)
How white is your blow? ('cause I'm like that yo)
Only, write what you know ('cause I'm like that yo)

[Verse 2]
I'm a hop skip and a jump from grippin' the pump
Spittin' a couple of curse words, and hittin' you chump
Shit, I get digits in lumps
I'm a motherfuckin' problem, is this what you want?
Overachiever, I love chicks that puff cheeba in reefer paper
I hate the ones that blow up ya beeper
Cause I, go in deeper, I only bone divas
Impregnate the world when I come through your speakers (ha ha!)
Fuck hot, my records got the fever
Niggas kick dirt, get ya whole block sweeped up
I creep up when the beef heats up
Caught him with his feet up and shoes off, bout to snooze off
Hatin', cause you can't turn the booze off
You dudes is too soft, why I don't fuck with you all
I might bark with X, or spit at The Lox
But, other than that, I don't be fuckin' with cats
Just me, Ty and B-High, thug it like that
E, Dame and Biggs, what's fuckin' with that?
Y'all can never diss Jigga, get nothin' for that
Other than a couple of slugs in ya back (huh huh)
Rappers y'all, runnin' around like I won't gun ya down
Last nigga that fronted, two shots spun him around
Lord, accept this offerin' here's somethin' for your crown
I meant no malice, I just met his challenge and won
 

[Hook]

[Ad-libs]
Put your hands up, put your hands in the air
Put your hands up, get 'em up come on!
Put your hands up, put your hands in the air
Put your hands up, get 'em up, everybody put 'em up come on!
Get 'em up come on!

You know what I'm sayin'
I'm built like that, you heard?
I'm whole another level, we can put it on, you know
Jigga, Kid Capri y'all
Soundtrack for the street nigga
'Cause I'm like that y'all, you heard?
Holla back, bounce with me, bounce

Girls and guns (bounce), all I want (bounce with me come on, bounce)
Stock exchange, rocks and thangs (bounce, Jigga)
Girls and guns (Kid Capri shit), all I want (who's fuckin' with that?)
Stock exchange (I'm like that y'all) , rocks and thangs (I'm just like that y'all)