[Produced by Swizz Beatz]

Turn the lights all the way down
So make me flow

[Verse 1]
J-A-Y: I flow sick
Fuck all y'all haters, blow dick
I spits the game for those that throw bricks
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, chicks
Sex, murder and mayhem - romance for the street
Only wife of mines is a life of crime
And since life's a bitch in mini-skirts and big chests
How can I not flirt with death?
That's life's enigma, long as life's within us
We gonna sin a lot and pray that Christ forgive us
Fuck it!
Ice the wrists and raise the price on these niggas
Y'all can't floss on my level!
I'll invite you all to get with us if your ball is glitter
When I go all the Harlem playas wall my picture
If you get close enough, you can read the scripture
It reads: money, cash, hoes. How real was that nigga?

[Hook](x2)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes(what!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes(uhh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes(c'mon)
(WHAT! WHAT! WHAT!)

[Jay-Z: Verse 2]
Flavors robust, platinum and gold touch
Yeah I rap now, fast money done slowed up
Niggas try to stop Jay-Z to no luck
Roc-A-Fella foreva CEO, what! What?
Us the villains? Fuck your feelings!
While y'all player hate we in the upper millions
What's the dealings? It's like New York's been soft
Ever since Snoop came through and crushed the buildings
I'm trying to restore the feelings; fuck the law, keep dealing!
More money, more cash, more chilling
I know they gonna criticize the hook on this song
Like I give a fuck...I'm just a crook on this song!
Bed-Stuy Brook-nam took on the world
Shit, I led a life you can write a book on
Sex, murder and mayhem, romance for the street
Man, and I tell ya, it'll be the best-seller

[Hook](x2)

[Verse 3 - DMX]
D-M-X and my dogs bite
Jigga, my nigga, rhyme all night
Thugs for life, one night with this rap shit
Let em go and I bet they know what'll happen
When we clap shit
Actin like we owe em something
Then we show em something
Talking greasy...I think they found em down the road or something(wooh)
Fuckin with a madman in a bad mood
Is like fuckin with a mad dog that wasn't fed food
And the only thing that's stoppin him is you
Cause the only thing that he'll be droppin is you(what)
Choppin in two,(uhh), Droppin it to CLUE(c'mon)
And the response from the street:
This was one dog that loves raw meat!
Just cause I, love my niggas
I shed blood, for my niggas
Let a nigga holler "where my niggas?"
All I'mma hear is "right here my nigga!"
 

[Hook]
Rocafella shit
Pa-pause
My niggas Swizz
Respect the game ya'll
Uh-huh-huh-uh

[Interlude: Pain in Da Ass]
Okay okay okay, so now the guy's working for Jay-Z
Making hot songs
But any type of trouble he gets in, he runs to Jay-Z
Trouble with the label, he calls Jay-Z
But he still has to come up with Jay-Z's money every week no matter what
Not selling any records, FUCK YOU PAY ME
Oh you want me in your video, FUCK YOU PAY ME
No one's coming to your shows huh, FUCK YOU PAY ME
And then what do you do when you can't borrow another dollar from the label?
You can't sell any singles in the stores?
You light a match....you blow the joint (*explosion*)