[Intro: Kanye West]
It's what you all been waiting for ain't it?
What people pay paper for damn it, they can't stand it
They want something new, so let's get reacquainted
Became the hood favorite, I can't even explain it, I surprise myself too

[Pre-Hook: Kanye West]
Life of a Don, lights keep glowing
Coming in the club with that fresh shit on
With something crazy on my arm
Uh-uh-hum, and here's another hit, Barry Bonds

[Hook: Kanye West]
We outta here baby!
We outta here baby!
We outta here baby!
We outta here baby!

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Dude! Fresh off the plane, Konnichiwa, bitches
Turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
Ask for it I did it, that asshole done did it
Talked it then he lived it, spit it then he shit it
I don't need writers, I might bounce ideas
But only I could come up with some shit like this
I done played the underdog my whole career
I've been a very good sport, haven't I, this year
They say "he going crazy and we seen this before"
But I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
And I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
Nigga please, how you gonna say I ain't no Lo-head
Cause my Dior got me more model head
I'm insulted, you should go 'head
And bow so hard until your knees hit your forehead
And the flow just hit code red
Top 5 MCs, you ain't gotta remind me
Top 5 MCs: you gotta rewind me
I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me
But my head's so big you can't sit behind me

[Pre-Hook: Kanye West]
Life of a Don, lights keep glowing
Coming in the club with that fresh shit on
With something crazy on my arm
Uh-uh-hum, and here's another hit, Barry Bonds

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, we outta here baby!
Wha, wha, we outta here baby!
Hey Mr. West we so outta here baby
And me, I'm Mr. Weezy Baby, yeah

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I'm so bright not shady
My teeth and my ice so white like Shady
Ice in my teeth so refrigerated
I'm so fucking good like I'm sleeping with Meagan
I'm all about my Franklins, Lincolns and Reagans
Whenever they make them, I shall hayve them
Oops, I meant "have them," I'm so crazy
But if you play crazy you be sleeping with daisies
I'm such a hay-vic, oops I meant "havoc"
And my drink's still pinker than the Easter rabbit
And I'm still cole like Keyshia's family
Stove on my waist turn beef to patties
And I ate it cause I'm so avid, no homo
I don't front and I don't go backwards
And I don't practice and I don't lack shit
And you can get buried, suck my bat, bitch
 

[Hook: Kanye West and (Lil Wayne)]
We outta here baby!
We outta here baby!
(Swag at a hundred and climbin', baby, yeah)

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Life of a Don, lights keep glowing
Coming in the club with that fresh shit on
With something crazy on my arm
Ha-Ha-Hum, and here's another hit, Barry Bonds

[Produced by Nottz and Kanye West]