[Intro]
Dirt and grime and filth inside
The story of my lifetime
Of cheating, stealing, never feeling
Pain of a brother, your dirty mother
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are
(Perfect!)

[Hook]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(You!)

[Verse 1]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
I done talked a lot of shit but I just did the numbers
Herzog and Adidas, man you know they love it
If Nike ain't have Drizzy, man they wouldn't have nothin', woo!
If Nike ain't have Don C, man they wouldn't have nothin', ooh!
But I'm all for the family, tell 'em, "Get your money"
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, they line up for days
Nike out here bad, they can't give shit away
I stuck to my roots, I'm like Jimmy Fallon
I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum (Woo!)
Every time I talk they say I'm too aggressive
I was out here spazzin', now y'all get the message?
On the field I'm over-reckless, on my Odell Beckham
2020, I'ma run the whole election, yah!
I've been trending years, y'all a couple days
Yeezy in the house and we just got appraised
Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves
Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away (You!)
Ten-thousand dollar fur for Nori, I just copped it (You!)
Your baby daddy won't even take your daughter shoppin' (You!)
I done wore designers I won't wear again
Make 'em niggas famous, they get arrogant

[Hook]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman, ah!
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(Sonic boom!)

[Verse 2]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, this is pure luxury
I give 'em Grey Poupon on a DJ Mustard, ah!
If you ain't poppin' shit then why you rap for? Haaan?
Plus Kimoji just shut down the app store, ah!
And we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute
(We did)
Yeah, we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute, ah!
Do anybody feel bad for Bill Cosby?
Did he forget the names just like Steve Harvey? (You!)
Tell Adidas that we need a million in production (You!)
I done told y'all, all I needed was the infrastructure (Boom!)
Now we hottest in the streets, it ain't no discussion
James Harden, Swaggy P runnin' up the budget (Yoga flame!)
Keep the work at my baby mama's mama's house
I'm a jerk, you need to work, you need to call my spouse
Yeezy, Yeezy, take a picture with me on Rodeo
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I might do my own hotel
Couches, couches, couches, couches, which one should I pick?
I need extra deep, I like my bitches extra thick (sonic boom!)
Every time I see the news, man it bring me home
Call up DJ Mano, shout out Twilite Tone
We just blessed to be alive, yeah ain't that the truth?
So let's celebrate the life of Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2

[Outro]
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are
(Perfect!)