[Produced by S1 and Swizz Beatz]

[I. "Murder"]
[Intro: Jay Z]
Bloody murder, murder, murder

[Hook: Kanye]
Paper read "murder, black-on-black murder"
Paper read "murder, black-on-black murder" again

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
This is to the memory of Danroy Henry
Too much enemy fire to catch a friendly
Strays from the same shade nigga, we on the same team
Giving you respect, I expect the same thing
All-black everything, nigga you know my fresh code
I’m out here fighting for you, don’t increase my stress load
Niggas watching the throne, very happy to be you
Power to the people, when you see me, see you

[Verse 2: Kanye]
And I’m from the murder capital where they murder for capital
Heard about at least three killings this afternoon
Looking at the news like "damn! I was just with him after school"
No shop class but half the school got a tool
And a "I could die any day"-type attitude
Plus his little brother got shot repping his avenue
It’s time for us to stop and redefine black power
41 souls murdered in fifty hours

[Hook: Kanye]
Paper read "murder, black-on-black murder"
Paper read "murder, black-on-black murder" again

[Verse 3: Kanye]
Is it genocide?
Cause I can still hear his mama cry
Know the family traumatized
Shots left holes in his face about piranha-sized
The old pastor closed the cold casket
And said the church ain’t got enough room for all the tombs
It’s a war going on outside we ain’t safe from
I feel the pain in my city wherever I go
314 soldiers died in Iraq, 509 died in Chicago

[Verse 4: Jay Z]
I arrived on the day Fred Hampton died
Uh, real niggas just multiply
And they say by 21 I was supposed to die
So I’m out here celebrating my post-demise
If you put crabs in a barrel to ensure your survival
You're gon' end up pulling down niggas that look just like you
What up, Blood? What up, cuz? It’s all black, I love us

[Hook: Kanye]
Paper read "murder, black-on-black murder"
Paper read "murder, black-on-black murder" again

[II. "Excellence"]
[Interlude: Jay Z]
It’s a celebration of black excellence, black tie, black Maybachs
 

[Verse 5: Jay Z]
Black excellence, opulence, decadence
Tuxes next to the president, I’m present
I dress, in Dries, and other boutique stores in Paris
In sheepskin coats, I silence the lambs
Do you know who I am, Clarice?
No cheap cologne whenever I “shh-shh”
Success never smelled so sweet
I stink of success, the new black elite
They say my Black Card bears the mark of the beast
I repeat: my religion is the beat
My verse is like church, my Jesus piece
Now please, domino, domino
Only spot a few blacks the higher I go
What’s up to Will? Shout out to O
That ain’t enough.. we gonna need a million more
"Kick in the door" Biggie flow
I’m all dressed up with nowhere to go

[Verse 6: Kanye]
Yeah it’s all messed up when it’s nowhere to go
So we won’t take the time out 'til we reach the T-O-P
From parolees to hold G’s, sold keys, low keys
We like the promised land of the OG’s
In the past if you picture events like a black tie
What the last thing you expect to see, black guys?
What’s the life expectancy for black guys?
The system’s working effectively, that’s why!
I’ll be a real man, take care of your son
Every problem you had before this day is now done
New crib, watch a movie
Cause ain’t nothin on the news but the blues
Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci
Now ain’t nothing new but your shoes
Sunday morning, praise the Lord
You're the girl that Jesus had been saving me for
So let’s savor this moment and take it to the floor
Black excellence, truly yours