[Produced by Anthony Kilhoffer, Hit-Boy, Kanye West & Mike Dean]

[Intro: Blades of Glory sample]
“We're going to skate to one song, one song only”
Ball so hard mothafuckas wanna fine me

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
So I ball so hard mothafuckas wanna fine me
First niggas gotta find me
What's 50 grand to a mothafucker like me?
Can you please remind me?
(Ball so hard) This shit crazy
Y'all don't know that don't shit faze me
The Nets could go 0 for 82
And I'd look at you like this shit gravy
(Ball so hard) This shit weird
We ain't even s'posed to be here
(Ball so hard) Since we here it's only right that we'd be fair
Psycho: I'm liable to go Michael, take your pick
Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6
(Ball so hard) Got a broken clock, Rollies that don't tick tock
Audemars that's losing time
Hidden behind all these big rocks
(Ball so hard) I'm shocked too
I'm supposed to be locked up too
If you escaped what I've escaped
You'd be in Paris getting fucked up too
(Ball so hard) Let’s get faded
Le Meurice for like six days
Gold bottles, scold models, spillin’ Ace on my sick J’s
(Ball so hard) Bitch, behave, just might let you meet 'Ye
Chi town's D. Rose, I’m moving the Nets to BK

[Hook: Jay Z and (Kanye)]
Ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me
(That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray)
Ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me
(That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray)

[Verse 2: Kanye and (Jay Z)]
She said, "'Ye, can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all."
(Ball so hard) That shit cray, ain’t it Jay?
(Ball so hard)
What she order, fish fillet?
(Ball so hard)
"Your whip so cold so cold" – this old thing?
(Ball so hard)
Act like you’ll ever be around mothafuckas like this again
Bougie girl, grab my hand
Fuck that bitch; she don’t wanna dance
Excuse my French, but I’m in France, I’m just sayin'
Prince Williams ain’t do it right if you ask me
‘Cause I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley
What’s Gucci, my nigga? What’s Louis, my killa?
What’s drugs, my dealer? What’s that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I’m the illest
‘Cause I’m suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh
 

[Interlude]
“I don't even know what that means
(No one knows what it means, but it's provocative)
No, it's not, it's gross (Gets the people going)”

[Hook: Jay Z]
Ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me
Ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me

[Outro: Kanye and (Jay Z)]
You are now watching the throne
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin'
Actin’ like the summer ain’t mine
(I got that hot bitch in my home)
You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
The stars is in the building, they hands is to the ceiling
I know I’m 'bout to kill it; how you know? I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne, don't let me into my zone
Don't let me into my zone (I’m definitely in my zone)
(zone zone zone zone...)